sleeping on the floor.
Now my jewelry box froze.
Fuck a boat, fuck a stove.
Counted millions in a cold.
Bad bitch, boot it slow.
Got her on bank row.
Can't fold.
Duss a note.
Head shot, case closed.
What is up, guys?
It's Andy for Selling.
This is the show for the real.
Let's say goodbye to the lies, the fakeness,
and delusions of modern society.
And welcome to motherfucking reality, guys.
Today, we have Andy and DJ.
Cruz the motherfucking in there.
That's what we're gonna do.
That's what CTI stands for.
It stands for Cruz the internet.
I didn't know if you guys could figure that out.
But what we do here is we put topics on the screen,
we speculate on what's true and what's not true.
And then we talk about how we the people
have to solve these problems
that all these knuckleheads create.
Let's just get right into it.
We don't run ads on the show.
So we ask that you don't be a hoe.
And you share the shell.
There you go.
Yep.
You're looking good, man.
Damn.
Yeah, I saw you trying to start work out
and I know what the fuck you're up to.
What am I up to?
Trying to fucking catch up and beat me.
I can't let you.
I can't let you.
I got, I can't.
Bro, you look good, man.
Shit.
You're looking good.
I don't know if it might just be the sweater.
I don't think it's the sweater though.
Oh, it's my face.
Fuck man.
Like, hey.
Yeah, what's up?
You tell me.
You look good too, bro.
Thanks man.
Pull me down.
Yeah.
We went to, we had a big event this weekend.
Dude, that was a big historic event.
Right.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Big Jim turns 80 years old yesterday.
Shit.
We went to dinner on Saturday for a good time.
It was good.
It was a good time, man.
It's always nice.
It's always nice.
He was kind of surprised.
You know, he's been around, man.
It's hard to get him.
We've been around that many blocks.
Yeah.
I mean, he fought in the Civil War.
He's seen it.
He's seen it.
Thank you to that's for sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
80 years.
Fuck man.
That's a long time.
Yeah.
Still moving though.
We ought to get them on the show maybe.
I mean, if you have an interview of his 80 years.
Yeah.
If you guys are ready for a six hour podcast.
Oh my God.
Let us know.
That's the truth.
It's going to be an all day affair.
What else going on?
It'll be fucking good though, man.
No, yeah, everything is good, man.
You know, everything is good.
We got a lot to talk about.
I bet.
Yeah, let's do some cruising.
Before we get to our headlines,
you know, I always try to throw a little special sauce
in there for you.
We just landed on the moon.
Who did?
We did.
We mean you?
No, like America.
Oh, yeah, Lunalander.
Firefly blue glow blue ghost lunar lander touches down on the moon.
This is first time ever.
How about I say, you know, I was going to say, you know, I would believe this
when chicks can grow.
You can't look back at them at the fucking old footage.
You cannot look back at the old footage and be like, yeah.
And be like, oh, yeah, that's totally real.
Like.
You just can't.
If you do,
I got some ocean property in Arizona, bro.
Bro.
You just can't tell me that's real, I'm sorry.
Listen, I believe this when chicks can have dicks.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, apparently they can.
Well, one's more true than the other though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you see that study I said you?
about, oh yeah, dude, that's sad.
Bro, the, the, I said DJ has studied today and they said that, uh,
they ran some studies on people who actually transition.
So one of the big arguments in gender transition is that before they
transition, they have a suicide, a likelihood suicide rate of, I think,
like 48%.
Right.
And so doing the surgery saves their lives.
Yes, that's the justification for these people.
Right.
Now there's been a study that's come out.
Does this say a recent study published in Oxford's?
Yeah, we know Oxford.
They don't know what they're doing.
They trust science there.
Yeah.
Oxford's Journal of Sexual Medicine sampling 107,000 people
found that sex change surgery doubles depression rates among gender
dysphoric individuals rather than reducing.
So it goes from 48 to 96.
I ain't going mad.
Yeah.
So.
He's counting, man.
Yeah.
I would have never guessed I would have never guessed that if you cut off your penis that eventually you're gonna regret it
It has a problem.
I would never have guessed if you cut off your breasts eventually you're going to regret it
I would have never guessed if you
So'd your vagina shut and put a piece of skin from your leg as a penis that I would regret that
I mean who would have known who would have known
I mean, I'm shocked.
Bro, I would be fucked up if I cut my penis off.
First of all, it's a lot of cutting.
All right, but second of all.
Not according to Alex at dinner the other night.
Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit.
Yeah.
What did I miss?
Wait, what did she say?
What did she say?
I don't know, she said something.
I can't say it.
I'll call her ass right now.
Yeah.
Um, no, I mean, but it makes sense.
Well, you can't just do that shit, man.
Like, and here's the thing.
It's common sense, bro.
It is.
But here's the thing.
This is a relatively new thing in our society.
And the problem is, is that they were able to
spout all of these justifications.
There wasn't enough time for these type of studies to even come through.
You got to follow that shit out.
You know what I'm saying?
It takes some time to get a good base of evidence there.
And yeah, so I mean it makes sense, but yeah, so I mean chicks with dicks is more possible than going to the moon though
Yeah, yeah
The funniest thing about this though real quick is so you know buzz buzz Aldrin.
I didn't know he was still alive
He's alive.
Is he and they got to show him what it actually looks like to land on the moon for the first time
Come on, that's fake too
Conch you've been snare
He's like shit, so that's what it really looks like
Here's a picture they supplied this is supposed to be who took the picture
Oh, yeah
Anyway, we all know the government's liars and we all know NASA's liars and we all know it's a massive laundering money laundering scheme
Just like all the other shit.
How many billions of dollars are pumped through NASA and then filter back through
Different spiffs and perks and donations and funding
Yeah, I mean, I was wondering, I wonder if they do like any real like, you know, crazy
shit like, you know, like if they fuck with like any aliens or something and you know
what I'm saying, like that maybe is the front.
Like it's a front for something like I'm a firm believer that I just said what it was
a front for.
It's a front for these people to get rich, bro.
Yeah, but like I think originally like the whole reason we even did that was to like
fucking, you know, funnel the money and recover up the fucking Cold War and shit, you know.
the beat the Russians, you know.
Well, that was the that was the original motivation.
Yeah.
But we didn't nobody went.
That's right.
Nobody fucking went, bro.
They faked it so that they could demoralize the Russians during the Cold War.
That or that.
I mean, that's that's what that was a basis of.
Yeah.
Race to the moon.
Yeah.
We beat you.
I hear it Arizona.
You might as well stop.

Yeah man, it is what it is man.
But guys, hope you're ready for a show.
Remember if you wanted to see any of these
Pitches, Articles, Links videos, go to AndyFosella.com.
You wanna make people real mad?
What?
You tell them that the earth isn't flat.
Oh fuck, now hold it, now you listen.
Them flat earthers are fucking passionate about it.
No listen, I mean, there's an argument.
No there's not.
There's no argument bro.
We've been up in planes, what does it look like?
You've seen what I've seen.
I'm just saying, bro, 40,000 you
will stick the earth flat.
Joe does Joe.
Joe Young does.
I know Joe Young does.
Yeah, bro.
We're ice shelfers.
You think I think I shelf could be true.
No, I just for it's true than the earth's flat.
I think I.
That's no.
Yeah.
No, ice shelf theory is not about flat earth.
It's about I'm not saying it is I'm saying if that is true though, then it would have to be no
There's still going to be some curvature.
It's like a fishbowl because you know
It's like the top crown of somebody with a bald head
Like you if you just drew a little circle on your hat you wore one of them little hats
You know those little tiny ones on your head which the the pointy ones or the no the little ones
You know those little round hats
A condom, any way he talking about like a fucking way,
kind of hat on the head.
All right.
Anyway.
Yeah man, hey listen, go to 80.com.
Go to 804Seller.com.
I wonder what it takes you to Andy.com.
Is that a real thing?
Let's get into our headlines, man.
We've got some some interesting stuff.
Let's start with first first series of headlines.
Had on number one, I wanted to get into this and this may be some foreshadowing
going on.
I don't know, but I saw it and I immediately felt that this is not good.
So JD Vance went to a ski trip or tried to go to a ski trip.
And this was supposed to be like, you know, like usually they don't announce the vacation
shit until like, you know, he's already there or they're gone.
Right.
Like that's a typical security
thing.
Right.
I mean, hell, we don't really post where we are when we're there.
We post it after
on the fucking plane ride home.
You know what I'm saying?
Like that's a typical thing.
Right.
And so JD Vance was supposed to be taking his family to this ski resort in Vermont.
And before he even got there, I don't know if you guys saw this, there was some people counted 500 fucking protesters that were already there.
All right.
Now, I mean, DJ, what's the big deal here?
Well, if you got, I mean, first of all, people don't understand.
The level of logistics it has to go into,
organizing even a couple of hundred people together
at the same time to get them into a specific location
ahead of time.
This spells there is a fucking leak on his detail
that needs to be removed.
There's no way, there's no way.
That's not, like, how would they know
that information ahead of time?
To even organize 500 fucking people in there.
Yeah, there's somebody in logistics leaking information.
Leaking that shit out, bro.
And like I said, it wasn't, like, it wasn't a couple, bro.
It was a shit ton of them.
Yeah.
Vance is a trader, go ski in Russia.
Vance equals Putin's pawn equals trader.
So dude, these people,
think that Putin is the problem all the while people are being arrested for making social
media posts all through Europe.
We have migrant gangs attacking women and raping women and stabbing people and killing them
who aren't European.
Okay, we have people being arrested for praying in their homes already.
Okay.
And these people are terrified of Vladimir Putin when all of this shit is already
happening going on around them.
Yeah, right.
Like, what do we, what are you guys fighting for?
You know, these people have been drinking this Kool-Aid their whole lives from the
media and they can't figure out that they've been lied to about fucking everything.
All right, and dude, did you see that comment I got from,
I told, did I show you that comment I got
from one of the people who follows me about-
The Ukraine shit?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's like, Ukraine's a sovereign nation
and we as the most powerful country in the world
have a responsibility to stick up for countries
that can't defend themselves.
Well, let me stop you right there, homie.
No, we don't.
We don't have a responsibility to stand up for anybody but Americans.
And the truth of the matter is, is America first means America first.
It means zero dollars to them until we are good and we are not good.
OK, on top of that, we are now getting drug into.
an actual war because of our involvement with NATO.
They're sending troops in.
They would rather blow up the entire world
than to have the truth about the entire fucking system
that oppresses citizens globally to come out
and how they do it.
Yeah, right, right.
But they're supposed to be the people of peace
and love and tolerance and here we are.
It's insane, dude.
One more three on the doorstep.
Yeah, for what reason?
For what reason?
Exactly.
What reason?
The only reason that these people all want this war,
I'm not talking about these morons.
I'm talking about the people who are actually
making the decisions.
Write the shit on paper to face it.
Yes, who are sending other people's children to die.
The only reason they want to do that
is because they don't want the truth to come out
about how all these nations collaborate
to oppress the citizens of humanity.
Yep.
Yep, 100% man.
Like I saw this and I just foreshadowing, bro,
this is some dangerous shit.
And they definitely need to lock that shit in,
you know what I'm saying?
Because we've seen what happens
when you have leaks in your security team
twice now with Donald Trump.
I mean, fuck, JD Vance obviously being,
you know, an incumbent potential running candidate
for 2028.
I mean, bro, like, I mean,
be a good way to get him out beforehand.
They got somebody fucking in this scene.
I'm telling you, I know.
100% they need to fucking lock it.
There's no doubt.
Maybe to watch it there.
Listen, this administration is still full with rats.
It's still full of people who aren't on the side of the citizens.
You know, it's still full of this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, so what kicked off all of this, this, uh, you know, Putin nonsense.
We got to go back a couple of days to this, this, uh, this meeting that happened
with Trump, Vance and Zelensky of Ukraine.
Um, now I will say this, like, I mean, I, cause we got plenty of criticism
to give out here today on Trump and the Trump administration.
Look what these people call them, dude.
Protester held signed labeling, Vance a traitor and Nazi scum.
Yeah.
You motherfuckers don't even know anything about Nazi.
You don't know it and and and you keep calling people Nazis, which is just emboldening people to come out with
Polarizing viewpoints the same thing they did with racism.
Yeah, dude exactly now people are like well, you know what?
Black people do still shit.
Yeah, like, I mean, bro, that, no, you know what?
It's almost good that they do this
because they devalue their defense mechanism.
Well, their offense mechanism, right?
Shut the fuck up or you're a Nazi.
Shut the fuck up or you're a racist.
And that shit ain't working anymore.
No one cares.
And it just exposed how radical they are.
Yes.
And what the truth that they actually
are trying to push behind them.
Well, unfortunately,
Eventually also it brings to the surface the element
that they claim to want to suppress.
You know, when you call everybody racist
for 20 fucking years,
eventually they're like, yeah, you know what?
I am because I'm tired of getting called this
and this and this from you fuckers, fuck you.
Simply fuck you, right?
Yeah, like dude, and what happens is
you end up, they end up radicalizing people.
It works the opposite of what they want.
They end up radicalizing people that would otherwise just be normal.
Normal people, you know, and dude, that's a fucking bad thing.
That's not good for society.
Like, I don't buy into this shit here in the United States of America that,
you know, and I don't buy into it in humanity either.
Like.
I don't care if someone's Japanese or Chinese or this or that or this.
And maybe I'm ignorant and maybe I'm naive by not caring about that
because it seems like every other fucking race of people gives a lot of fucks
about their own race.
And, you know, being a white guy that was raised in the United States of America,
I've been told that I was a fucking problem pretty much my whole fucking life.
So I never made my race my identity.
I never I never said, you know, I'm fucking proud to be white.
That was never a thing.
I was always looking at everybody else just like MLK says,
do the content of their character, who they are, you know, and I think most people are like that.
And I think we're getting to a point where
You know, everybody's coming back to that and these people who are calling all the names are going to be ostracized.
Like nobody's listening to shit.
Oh, fucking Nazi.
Bro, you don't even know what you don't even know anything about the history of fucking Nazi movement.
You don't know anything of the history of World War One or World War Two or how the Federal Reserve was formed.
You don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Period.
That's just it.
No, it's stupid.
They don't know.
And they use these fucking terms, dude.
I'm gonna tell you what, man.
I get called every name in the book now.
I don't care.
Yeah, I take it that way.
I mean, I like smile.
I wear them as badges of honor.
Yeah, well, dude, why do you think Kanye
has got a fucking swastika t-shirt?
Yeah.
Because he's basically saying, well, fuck you.
You know, and you guys can get mad about that all you want.
But he's forcing you to pay attention.
And then when you look at the symbol
in the history of a swastika,
you start to realize that it's been used for 12,000 years.
And it's actually meant to be good luck and good fortune
and prosperity through human history.
And it wasn't until Adolf Hitler used that.
Now, by the way, why do you think he used that?
Do you think he used that to represent evil in his mind?
That's what he was he was before.
Yeah, he was in his mind.
He was fighting for what that symbol actually meant.
And then since then, that symbol has been, you know,
you can't fucking use it or you're a Nazi.
Well, bro, if you go to eastern cultures, it's everywhere.
It's on the buildings.
It's it's I mean, it's still.
Is that not true?
Say it.
It's right.
Yeah.
So like.
You know, people like my point in all of this saying this is like these motherfuckers don't even know that.
No
It's like and dude, let's pay attention.
Who are let's who are these people?
Who are they?
What race are they?
Oh, they're all white.
They're all white and what gender are they?
No, all women and what age are they?
Uh, I mean, they're brunch or age for sure.
And and what are they wearing?
Oh, they're wearing North Face and they're wearing fucking
Canada goose, $400 jackets.
Right, right.
Hmm.
Well, I guarantee you a lot of them probably.
These motherfuckers listen to you.
They got laid off from USAID.
Yeah, no, for sure.
Listen, that group, this group of people.
is legitimately the worst group of people when they start to talk about society's issues because
they are so privileged they don't have any worries they fucking live in upper middle class areas and
they drink champagne on Sundays and then they want to seem virtuous by caring and because they don't
have any other meaning in their life and and by the way if you want to seem virtuous and care
stand up for the fucking right thing the thing you go actually go to Ukraine go fight and fucking
Can you create anything?
I don't want to hear it, dude.
I don't give a fuck.
You know what?
I'm America first.
Period.
I don't give a fuck if it's Ukraine, if it's Israel or anybody else.
Here first, then there.
And we have a lot of fucking work to do here before we should ever even consider giving a fucking dollar to anybody else.
Doesn't matter who it is.
And by the way, if a country can't defend itself, well then maybe they should fucking work on that.
No.
Makes sense to me, man.
But guys, let's slow this down.
Let's let's let's talk about how we even got to, you know, having you know,
why the you know, why the United States funds all these countries?
Do you know why?
Because we have to know that's not why.
United States adopted a strategy a long time ago.
They go and have a golden handcuffed these these countries.
Okay.
So they either say, Hey, we'll give you this aid, but you can't make this and
this and this and this and this as part of the agreement, right?
Can't make these weapons, can't do this thing.
Or they give them the money knowing that.
the United States has their back and sort of handicaps them from any innovation and
prosperity.
Any innovation because they're getting their money from an outside source.
It's no different than a rich kid.
OK, you got a little rich kid whose dad and mom keep
giving him money, keep giving him money, keep giving him money, keep giving him money, keep
giving him money.
Do you think that kid's going to ever learn how to operate in reality?
Now, take that concept and apply it to a country.
OK, if you keep foreign aiding,
to cut.
What I'm saying here is that
We do this to handicap the other countries intentionally and it needs to fucking stop.
Yeah, bro.
Take them off the tee, bro.
Make them learn how to get the food themselves.
Get strong or get conquered.
I don't give a fuck.
I don't care.
I'm American, bro.
I care about us
first.
Do I care about people in Europe?
Yeah, I got friends in Europe.
Do I care about people in
Australia?
Yeah, I do.
Do I care about them more than us?
No, sorry, I don't.
I care about us.
Yeah, so 100% bro.
But yeah, let's slow this down.
Let's see where this all started.
Cause we gotta go back a couple of days to a meeting
that Trump Vance and Zelinski had at the White House.
And this was the first time we got to really see
any type of negotiations, I guess,
with the press corps being there.
Which I believe was part of Trump's play.
I mean, obviously.
Because, apparently, word on the street is that this is exactly how Zelensky was behind
cameras.
And then Trump made the cameras available and everybody got to see us through color.
So let's check this clip out.
I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's going to end the destruction of your country.
Yes, but if you are not strong...
Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office to try
to litigate this in front of the American media.
Right now you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you
have manpower problems.
You should be thanking the President to bring it into this conflict.
Have you ever been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have?
I have been to come once I have actually I've actually watched and seen the stories and I know what happens is you bring people you bring them on a propaganda tour Mr. President.
Are do you disagree that you've had problems with bringing people in your military and do you think that it's respectful.
I will answer to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to try to prevent the destruction of your.
A lot of questions.
Let's start from the beginning.
First of all, during the war...
Everybody has problems even you but you have nice ocean and don't feel now, but you will feel it in the future
God bless you
Don't tell us what we're gonna feel brother.
That was a threat.
Hold on.
Stop it
That was a fucking 100 that was a fucking threat 100 percent
fuck this little motherfucker, throw him in the fucking wood chipper, right there, and
the war ends.
Nobody in Ukraine wants this war.
This motherfucker wants the war because
him and his fucking homies are stealing all the money.
Okay, but that was a fucking diary, bro.
You're sitting in the oval office.
What I love about this, though, is I love how Trump is.
Immediately?
No.
I love how Trump's sitting.
He's letting them talk.
Yeah.
Let's him talk, let's him talk, let's him talk, let's him talk.
The guy gets one inch out of line and he says,
Oh, hold on.
And then let's play the rest.
Fucking hammers him, bro.
Tell us what we're going to feel.
I'm not telling you.
Because you're in no position to dictate that.
Remember this.
You're in no position to dictate what we're going to feel.
You will feel influenced.
I'm telling you, you will feel influenced.
You're right now not in a very good position.
You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position.
And it happens to be right about you.
From the very beginning of the war, Mr. Rahab, I was...
You're not in a good position.
You don't have the cards right now.
With us you start having cars.
But right now you don't have your plane cars.
You're gambling with the lives of millions of people.
You're gambling with World War III.
You're gambling with World War III.
And what you're doing is very disrespectful to the country, this country.
It's back to you.
Far more than a lot of people said they should have.
a lot of times.
No, even today.
Even today.
You went to Pennsylvania and campaign for the opposition in October,
offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America,
and the president who's trying to save your country.
And your life.
Look, dude, he's dead anyway.
Let him kill this dude.
Listen, either side's going to do it.
Yeah, for sure.
He's getting killed.
This guy's fucking done.
They can't let that dude walk, like knowing what he knows, bro.
No, not only that.
No, he stole.
Dude, he knows where all the money went.
He knows exactly where it went.
You know what I'm saying?
They can't let that dude walk.
Yeah, see, you know, we call it how we see it.
A lot of people here on the internet, you know, like a lot of people were upset.
I saw this, like, you know, I'm so embarrassed to be an American.
I'm so dis, listen, dude, you've never done anything that fucking matters.
Okay.
Real talk.
You've never had to fight for anything.
You've never had to negotiate for anything.
This is extremely normal conversation in any business environment amongst men.
Okay.
When people step out of line, you step on their fucking face.
And that's what Trump does.
He's very respectful until that man gets disrespectful.
He just threatened our country, bro.
Oh, dude.
And we got people.
And what are we going to feel?
Brother, we don't help.
Wait, brother.
First of all, we got people in this country
that fucking are on his side.
Like bro, if you're on this dude's side over our side, fuck off.
Go over there.
Go live in Europe.
Go live in Ukraine.
They'll take you.
And then they'll take you to the front lines.
Like they're taking people with down syndrome to the front fucking lines.
Bro, I saw that clip.
All you motherfuckers talking all this shit, you don't know what you're talking about, dude.
You have no idea.
You haven't been paying attention.
You're sucked into your own life.
You're watching the Kardashians and all this other fucking fake ass bullshit.
And then you spout off about how this is embarrassing.
You know what?
You weren't embarrassed when our country was run
by a literal vegetable.
You weren't embarrassed when...
They stole all your money and closed your businesses
and fucked with you.
You weren't embarrassed when our whole country
is a laughing stock of the entire world
because we're over here with a couple of fucking morons
running our country.
Trans titties on the front line.
Bro, we got trans generals and we got kids,
we're promoting kids cutting off their dick
and everybody else in the world is like.
the fuck is going on in the US?
You weren't embarrassed about that shit,
but you're embarrassed about this man
and this other man who have finally said,
no, you're not gonna fucking do this shit here.
Okay, I actually thought, in my opinion,
that was the coolest, baddest ass, gangster ass shit
that I've ever seen from either one of those guys.
For sure, bro.
So if you don't like it and that's embarrassing to you,
then maybe you should fucking move.
Maybe you should move because this is how we do things here.
And by the way, I don't jockey on Trump's balls.
OK, I call it how I see it.
If he does good, he does good.
If he does bad, he does bad.
That's great.
That's not good.
That's great.
That's great.
OK.
This motherfucker stealing your money.
You guys are out here working and that's the problem.
A lot of these people that are on, they're not working.
They're not working.
Right.
So they don't get, they don't see that tax be taken out of their check
and then think about it going over to this guy so he can buy.
Four different mansions and fucking a yacht and two Bugatti's.
He's got two bucks.
Yeah.
Damn.
Are they cool though?
I mean, you see a bad Bugatti.
Yeah, that's true.
That's fair.
I'm just saying, dude, like that's not, that's not okay.
No, it's cool for me to have to.
You know what I'm saying?
But I didn't, you know,
I didn't steal your fucking tax dollars to do it.
Exactly, exactly.
You know, like dude, fuck this guy.
Yeah.
No, I mean, well, so this is what started
that whole chain of events, right?
So you got, I hate this motherfucker.
Oh, bro, I can't stand it.
And I can't stand people standing up for him.
It's so, it's stupid shit.
But after he left the oval office, he decided to go back to Europe and he did a little tour.
Did you hear what he said today about the, about our troops?
You got that clip?
I can put it in.
Bro, this guy gets on television today.
You don't have to get it in there, but you guys can look it up.
This guy gets on TV today.
Today is Monday.
Okay, you're hearing this on Tuesday.
And he fucking says,
the United States is gonna have to send his sons and daughters
to fight in Ukraine and they will die.
That's what he said is almost verbatim exact quote.
Dude, if we send a single soldier over there,
like a single fucking soldier,
this administration is no different than any other one.
100%.
Yeah.
Yeah, 100%, man.
But yeah, I mean he goes over it goes back to Europe and decides to do this little tour
So he stopped to stop in the UK
He went to the UK first.
He went to the UK to get some of that terrible food they got over there
Gordon Ramsay's the only one else I make food over there
That's why he's so fucking famous bro, that's why Gordon Ramsay's so famous because he's only one over there
